# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
  the instances are stored in a hash  
Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
we are defining the SQL into the ruby Property file
Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
  the lines that refer methods that interacts with the database like, Class_name.save, or Class_name.delete
Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
  because the id should be created in the sql file and should be inmutable, the id Property should have only getters
Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
so, the id is assigned asking through the pg gem, which comunicates with the sql database file and finds the id,
it seems, that when you ask info for the database, like using db.exec_prepared, pg gem will return that info into a kind of an array, so the way you have to use that function would be like (@id = db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"].to_i)
Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
to make shure that if the id Property exists in the sql file, then you should use that value, but if not, you shouldn't
Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
  There are some acitons that require some data, like the UPDATE or the DELETE, but other methods like delete_all or show_all are not required to have a class name.
Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
  Is kind of an array, so to get to an id value you should type something like (if the the db.exec_prepared is stored in a result variable) result[0]['id'] were is the number of the id in result of string, that is why you shoud use .to_i at the end to get the result in integer.
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
I don't get the question, sorry
## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
